Audit and Compliance 1.3.1 - Procedures ensuring Compliance - Procedures ensuring Compliance	Do you have a policy or procedure to ensure compliance with applicable legislative, regulatory, and contractual requirements?	Specify if you have a policy or procedure to ensure compliance with applicable legislative, regulatory, and contractual requirements. If yes, list details about the procedure and upload manual evidence.	Yes.	Our policy requires following the law and compliance requirements where we operate.
Audit and Compliance 1.3.2 - Procedures ensuring Compliance - Audits to Track Outstanding Requirements	Are audits completed to track outstanding regulatory and compliance requirements?	Specify if audits are done to track outstanding requirements. If yes, provide details.	Yes.	We maintain a list of requirements and our compliance status in electronic form.
Audit and Compliance 1.3.3 - Procedures ensuring Compliance - Deviations and Exceptions (Requires manual attestation)	Do you have a process to handle deviations and exceptions from compliance requirements?	Specify if there is a process to handle exceptions or deviations from compliance requirements. If yes, provide details.	No.	Our policy is to meet our compliance obligations without exceptions, with allowance for the time and effort needed.
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.1.1 - Business Resiliency - Failover Tests (Requires manual attestation)	Are site fail-over tests performed at least annually?	Specify if fail-over tests are performed annually. If no, how often are they performed?	Yes.	Failover is exercised continuously as a part of our automated deployment process.  In addition, we perform "forced" failovers periodically (approximately monthly) for specific scenario testing.
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.1.2 - Business Resiliency - Business Impact Analysis (Requires manual attestation)	Has a business impact analysis been conducted?	Specify if a business impact analysis was done. If yes, when was it last completed? Provide details on the analysis conducted.	Yes.	"The BIA evaluates functional, technical, and dependency-related impacts associated with service disruption across:
- UDP Gateway platform operations
- Software development and deployment operations
- Customer communication and support
- Website / marketing presence
- AWS Marketplace entitlement and revenue capture"
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.1.3 - Business Resiliency - Dependencies on Third-Party Vendors (Requires manual attestation)	Are there any dependencies on critical third-party service providers (besides a cloud service provider)?	Specify if there is any dependency on third-party vendors (besides a cloud service provider). If yes, can you provide details on the vendors?	Yes.	We are dependent on GitHub for software development processes.
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.1.4 - Business Resiliency - Third-Party Continuity and Recovery Tests (Requires manual attestation)	Do you require third-party vendors to have their own disaster recovery processes and exercises?	Specify if third-party vendors must have their own disaster recovery processes and exercises.	Yes.	We review the resilience practices of vendors prior to use to verify they are robust.
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.1.5 - Business Resiliency - Third-Party Vendors Breach of Contract (Requires manual attestation)	Do contracts with critical service providers include a penalty or remediation clause for breach of availability and continuity Sold and Shipped by Amazon (SSA)?	Are penalty or remediation clauses for breach of availability and continuity included in contracts with third-party vendors?	No.	We do not have a contract with GitHub that includes SLA penalties. We compensate by retaining mirrors of all repositories and having a cut-over plan should GitHub become unavailable for an extended period.
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.1.6 - Business Resiliency - Health of the System	Do you have monitors or alerts to understand the health of the system?	Specify if monitors or alerts are in place to understand the health of the system.	Yes.	Key health status and metrics are monitored internally via CloudWatch and externally via continuous test.
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.2.1 - Business Continuity - Business Continuity Policies/Procedures	Are formal business continuity procedures developed and documented?	Specify if formal procedures are developed and maintained for business continuity. If yes, provide more details on the procedures.	Yes.	Operational continuity procedures are defined and documented, covering employee access and tools, financial systems and product delivery.
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.2.2 - Business Continuity - Response and Recovery Strategies	Are specific response and recovery strategies defined for the prioritized activities?	Specify if recovery and response strategies are developed for customer activities and services.	Yes.	Continuity procedures include the design of the system to maintain function in region-level loss scenarios. New and replacement region provisioning is automated to enure customer activiity can continue. 
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.2.3 - Business Continuity - Business Continuity Tests	Do you perform recovery tests to ensure business continuity?	Specify if you perform recovery tests to ensure business continuity in case of a failure.	Yes.	Loss of access and system recovery testing is performed regualarly (at least quarterly).
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.2.4 - Business Continuity - Availability Impact in Multi-Tenancy Environments (Requires manual attestation)	Do you limit a buyer's ability to impose load that may impact availability for other users of your system?	Specify if one buyer's load can impact availability for another buyer. If yes, what is the threshold until which there will be no impact? If no, can you provide more details on how you ensure services are not impacted during peak usage and above?	Yes.	Customer workload is distributed regionally and by availability zone (three per region) evenly due to it's sessionless/stateless nature and infrastructure design.
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.3.1 - Application Availability - Availability Record (Requires manual attestation)	Were there any significant issues related to reliability or availability in the last year?	Specify if there were any significant issues related to reliability or availability in the last year.	No.	Our year-to-date availability for 2025 as of the end of November is in excess of 99.995%.
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.3.2 - Application Availability - Scheduled Maintenance Window (Requires manual attestation)	Is downtime expected during scheduled maintenance?	Specify if there is a scheduled maintenance window during which services might be down. If yes, how long is the downtime?	Yes.	The specific purpose of declaring "scheduled maintenance" is to make customers aware of potential downtime.  No such scheduled maintenance has occurred in our first year of operation but we reserve the right to declare it when/if needed to maintain system health.
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.3.3 - Application Availability - Online Incident Portal (Requires manual attestation)	Is there an online incident response status portal that outlines planned and unplanned outages?	Specify if there is an incident status portal that outlines planned and unplanned outages. If yes, provide details on how a customer can access it. How long after the outage will the portal be updated?	No.	We don't currently have such a portal, and would make use of in-application notifications if needed to communicate any such issue.
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.3.4 - Application Availability - Recovery Time Objective (Requires manual attestation)	Is there a specific recovery time objective (RTO)?	Specify if there is a recovery time objective (RTO). If yes, can you provide the RTO?	Yes.	We specify an RTO of 2 hours and have processes defined to achieve a full system rebuild in such a timeframe if necessary.
Business Resiliency and Continuity 6.3.5 - Application Availability - Recovery Point Objective (Requires manual attestation)	Is there a specific recovery point objective (RPO)?	Specify if there is a recovery point objective (RPO). If yes, can you provide the RPO?	Yes.	The general RPO is 0 hours (no data loss) with caveats for customer induced data loss (self delete).
Data Security 2.1.1 - Customer Data Ingested (Requires manual attestation)	Create a list of data needed from customers for product functionality.	Describe all data consumed from customers. Specify if sensitive or confidential data is consumed.	See note:	Access to our system is provisioned via AWS Marketplace subscriptions, and we require no other data.  Customers may choose to share additional contact information (email, phone) to facilitate support and other inquiries.  Once access is available, customers may configure our system which may include entering "allowed IPs" (internet protocol addresses), and ARNs of resources for integration in their AWS environment.
Data Security 2.2.1 - Data Storage Location (Requires manual attestation)	Where is customer data stored? List the countries and regions where data is stored.	Specify the list of countries and regions where data is stored.	United States and Ireland	Currently we store data in the United States in `us-west-2`, `us-east-1` and Ireland in `eu-west-1`.
Data Security 2.3.1 - Access Control - Employee Access (Requires manual attestation)	Do employees have access to unencrypted customer data?	Specify if employees have access to unencrypted customer data. If yes, explain briefly why they need access. If no, explain briefly how you control access.	No.	
Data Security 2.3.2 - Access Control - Mobile Application (Requires manual attestation)	Can customers access their data through a mobile application?	Specify if customers can access their data using a mobile application. If yes, provide more details. How do customers sign in? Are credentials cached by the application? How often are tokens refreshed?	No.	
Data Security 2.3.3 - Access Control - Countries Data is Transmitted to (Requires manual attestation)	Is customer data transmitted to countries outside the origin?	Is customer data transmitted to countries outside the origin? If yes, specify the list of countries where customer data is transmitted or received.	No.	The only customer data presented by our application is related to the configuration of services and not people.  Customer data isn't retained or distributed knowingly by our system.
Data Security 2.3.4 - Access Control - Is Data Shared with Third Party Vendors (Requires manual attestation)	Is customer data shared with third-party vendors (other than cloud service providers)?	Is customer data shared with third- party vendors? If yes, specify the list of third-party vendors and their countries or Region where you provide customer data.	No.	
Data Security 2.3.5 - Access Control - Security Policy related to Third Party Vendors	Do you have policies or procedures in place to ensure that third-party vendors maintain the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of customer data?	Specify if you have policies or procedures in place to ensure that third-party vendors maintain the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of customer data. If yes, upload a manual or document of the policies or procedures.	Yes.	We have no third-party vendors with access to customer data (other than AWS).  We don't anticipate having such relationships.
Data Security 2.4.1 - Data Encryption - Data Encryption at Rest	Is all data encrypted at rest?	Specify if all data is encrypted at rest.	Yes.	
Data Security 2.4.2 - Data Encryption - Data Encryption in Transit	Is all data encrypted in-transit?	Specify if all data is encrypted in-transit.	Yes.	Our applications deliever data over secure protocols. However, customers may configure and use our service for unsecure protocols (general UDP) or securely tunneled (WireGuard).
Data Security 2.4.3 - Data Encryption - Strong Algorithms (Requires manual attestation)	Do you use strong encryption algorithms?	Do you use strong encryption algorithms? If yes, specify what encryption algorithms (such as, RSA, AES 256) are used.	Yes.	TLS 1.2 and 1.3 for transit, and AES for data at rest.
Data Security 2.4.4 - Data Encryption - Unique Encryption Key (Requires manual attestation)	Are customers provided with the ability to generate a unique encryption key?	Can customers provide or generate their own unique encryption keys? If yes, please provide more details and upload evidence.	No.	
Data Security 2.4.5 - Data Encryption - Encryption Keys Access (Requires manual attestation)	Are employees prevented from accessing a customer's encryption keys?	Specify if your employees are prevented from accessing a customer's encryption keys. If no, explain why they have access to customer keys. If yes, explain how access is controlled.	Yes.	Least-privilege accounts are setup for users and services that do not allow access to KMS keys except where required to deliver our service.
Data Security 2.5.1 - Data Storage & Classification - Data Backup	Do you back up customer data?	Specify if you back up customer data. If yes, describe your back up policy (including details about how often backup occurs, where the backup is stored, backup encryption and redundancy.)	Yes.	Customer configuration data (all we store) is replicated over 3 AWS regions. 
Data Security 2.5.2 - Data Storage & Classification - Data Access Control Policy	Do you implement appropriate access controls for stored customer data? Provide your access control policies.	Specify if appropriate access controls (such as RBAC) are implemented for stored customer data. Provide more details and manual evidence on how you control access to the data.	Yes.	Access to customer configuration data is restricted based on logical separation by AWS account ID and IAM permissions.
Data Security 2.5.3 - Data Storage & Classification - Transaction Data (Requires manual attestation)	Are the customer's transaction details (such as payment card information and information about the groups conducting transactions) stored in a perimeter zone?	Specify if the customer's transaction details (such as payment card information and information about the groups conducting transactions) will be stored in a perimeter zone. If yes, explain why it needs to be stored in the perimeter zone.	No.	We sell via AWS Marketplace and hold no such information.
Data Security 2.5.4 - Data Storage & Classification - Information Classification	Is customer data classified according to legal or regulatory requirements, business value, and sensitivity to unauthorized disclosure or modification?	Specify if customer data is classified by sensitivity. If yes, upload manual evidence of this classification.	Yes.	There is only one classification since we don't store anything other than information related to the configuration of our service. We treat that data as confidential.
Data Security 2.5.5 - Data Storage & Classification - Data Segmentation (Requires manual attestation)	Is data segmentation and separation capability between customers provided?	Specify if the data for different customers is segmented. If no, explain mechanisms you have to protect data from cross contamination.	Yes.	Customer data is logically segmented based on AWS account ID.
Data Security 2.6.1 - Data Retention (Requires manual attestation)	How long do you retain data?	Specify the duration of data retention. If the retention period differs by data classification and sensitivity, can you provide details on each retention period?	89 days or 3 years	We retain system operation logs and similar data for 89 days and customer activity logs related to access and configuration changes for three years.
Data Security 2.6.2 - Data Retention after Client's Unsubscribe (Requires manual attestation)	How long do you retain data after buyers unsubscribe?	Specify the duration of data retention after customers unsubscribe.	0 days, 89 days or 3 years	Customer configuration data is expunged upon account termination. All other data is maintained per the above (89 days or 3 years)
End User Device Security 7.1.1 - Asset/Software Inventory - Asset Inventory	Is the asset inventory list updated periodically?	Specify if an asset inventory is maintained. If yes, how often is it updated?	Yes.	AWS services (Config/CloudTrail) and manual tracking of employee hardware.
End User Device Security 7.1.2 - Asset/Software Inventory - Software and Applications Inventory	Are all installed software platforms and applications on scoped systems inventoried?	Specify if inventory of all installed software and applications is maintained. If yes, how often is it updated?	No.	Our only "systems" in this sense are EC2 instances which are built from standard AWS AMIs one demain (scaling, spot instance lifecycle).  We don't inventory the contents of those AMIs.  We dynamically deploy only known software to these systems using CodeDeploy.
End User Device Security 7.2.1 - Asset Security - Security Patches	Are all available high-risk security patches applied and verified at least monthly on all end user devices?	Specify if all high risk security patches are applied at least monthly. If no, how often is it applied? Can you provide more details on how you manage patching?	Yes.	We update dependencies, runtimes and EC2 systems on a much more frequent basis than monthly.
End User Device Security 7.2.2 - Asset Security - Endpoint Security	Do you have endpoint security?	Specify if endpoint security is installed on all devices. If yes, can you provide more details on the tool and how it is maintained?	Yes.	We use Windows Defender on employee laptops, but don't use endpoint protection on EC2s because of their highly transitory nature.
End User Device Security 7.2.3 - Asset Security - Maintenance and Repair of Assets (Requires manual attestation)	Is maintenance and repair of organizational assets performed and logged, with approved and controlled tools?	Specify if maintenance and repair of assets is performed and logged with controlled tools. If yes, could you provide more details on how it is managed?	No.	Devices provided to employees are replaced rather than repaired.
End User Device Security 7.2.4 - Asset Security - Access Control for Devices	Do the devices have access control enabled?	Specify if devices have access controls (such as RBAC) enabled.	Yes.	
End User Device Security 7.3.1 - Device Logs - Sufficient Details in Logs (Requires manual attestation)	Are sufficient details logged in operating system and device logs to support incident investigation?	Specify if sufficient details (like successful and failed login attempts and changes to sensitive configuration settings and files) are included in the logs to support incident investigation. If no, provide more details on how you handle incident investigations.	Yes.	
End User Device Security 7.3.2 - Device Logs - Access to Device Logs	Are device logs protected against modification, deletion, and/or inappropriate access?	Specify if device logs are protected against modification, deletion, and/or inappropriate access. If yes, can you provide details on how you enforce it?	Yes.	
End User Device Security 7.3.3 - Device Logs - Log Retention (Requires manual attestation)	Are logs retained for sufficient time to investigate an attack?	How long will the logs be retained?	Yes.	
End User Device Security 7.4.1 - Mobile Device Management - Mobile Device Management Program	Is there a mobile device management program?	Specify if there is a mobile device management program. If yes, please specify what tool is used for mobile device management.	No.	
End User Device Security 7.4.2 - Mobile Device Management - Access Production Environment from Private Mobile Devices (Requires manual attestation)	Are staff prevented from accessing the production environment by using unmanaged private mobile devices?	Specify if employees are prevented from accessing the production environment by using unmanaged private mobile devices. If no, how do you enforce this control?	No.	No direct access to our system is provided; it's all via least-priviledge IAM roles used with required TFA.
End User Device Security 7.4.3 - Mobile Device Management - Access Customer Data from Mobile Devices (Requires manual attestation)	Are employees prevented from using unmanaged private mobile devices to view or process customer data?	Specify if employees are prevented from accessing customer data by using unmanaged mobile devices. If no, what is the use case for allowing access? How do you monitor access?	Yes.	No access to customer data is provided by default.
Human Resources 9.1.1 - Human Resources Policy - Background Screening for Employees	Is background screening done before employment?	Specify if background screening is done for all employees before employment.	Yes.	
Human Resources 9.1.2 - Human Resources Policy - Employee Agreement	Is an employment agreement signed before employment?	Specify if an employment agreement is signed before employment.	Yes.	
Human Resources 9.1.3 - Human Resources Policy - Security Training for Employees	Do all employees undergo security awareness training regularly?	Specify if employees undergo security training regularly. If yes, how often do they undergo security training?	Yes.	
Human Resources 9.1.4 - Human Resources Policy - Disciplinary Process for Non Compliance of Policies	Is there a disciplinary process for non-compliance of human resource policies?	Specify if there is a disciplinary process for non-compliance of human resource policies.	Yes.	
Human Resources 9.1.5 - Human Resources Policy - Background Checks for Contractors/Subcontractors (Requires manual attestation)	Are background checks performed for third-party vendors, contractors, and subcontractors?	Specify if background checks are done for third-party vendors, contractors, and subcontractors. If yes, is the background check done regularly?	Yes.	
Human Resources 9.1.6 - Human Resources Policy - Return of Assets upon Termination	Is there a process to verify return of constituent assets upon termination?	Specify if there is a process to verify return of constituent assets upon employee termination.	Yes.	
Infrastructure Security 8.1.1 - Physical Security - Physical Access to Facilities	Are individuals that require access to assets in-person (such as buildings, vehicles, or hardware) required to provide ID and any necessary credentials?	Specify if individuals that require access to assets in-person (such as buildings, vehicles, hardware) are required to provide ID and any necessary credentials.	Yes.	
Infrastructure Security 8.1.2 - Physical Security - Physical Security and Environmental Controls in Place	Are physical security and environmental controls in place in the data center and office buildings?	Specify if physical security and environment controls are in place for all the facilities.	Yes.	
Infrastructure Security 8.1.3 - Physical Security - Visitor Access (Requires manual attestation)	Do you record visitor access?	If visitors are permitted in the facility, are visitor access logs maintained? If yes, how long are the logs retained?	Yes.	
Infrastructure Security 8.2.1 - Network Security - Disable Unused Ports and Services (Requires manual attestation)	Are all unused ports and services disabled from the production environment and systems?	Specify if all unused ports and services are disabled from the production environment and systems.	Yes.	
Infrastructure Security 8.2.2 - Network Security - Use of Firewalls	Are firewalls used to isolate critical and sensitive systems into network segments separate from network segments with less sensitive systems?	Specify if firewalls are used to isolate critical and sensitive segments from segments with less sensitive systems.	Yes.	
Infrastructure Security 8.2.3 - Network Security - Firewall Rules Review	Are all firewalls rules reviewed and updated regularly?	How often are firewall rules reviewed and updated?	Yes.	
Infrastructure Security 8.2.4 - Network Security - Intrusion Detection/Prevention Systems	Are intrusion detection and prevention systems deployed in all sensitive network zones and wherever firewalls are enabled?	Specify if intrusion detection and prevention systems are enabled in all sensitive network zones.	Yes.	
Infrastructure Security 8.2.5 - Network Security - Security and Hardening Standards	Do you have security and hardening standards in place for network devices?	Specify if you have security and hardening standards in place for network devices. If yes, can you provide more details (including details about how often these standards are implemented and updated)?	Yes.	
Infrastructure Security 8.3.1 - Cloud Services - Platforms Used to Host Application (Requires manual attestation)	List the cloud platforms you use for hosting your application.	Specify which cloud platforms you use for hosting your application.	AWS	
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.1.1 - Risk Assessment - Address and Identify Risks	Is there a formal process focused on identifying and addressing risks of disruptive incidents to the organization?	Specify if there is a process to identify and address risks that cause disruptive incidents for the organization.	Yes.	
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.1.2 - Risk Assessment - Risk Management Process	Is there a program or process to manage the treatment of risks identified during assessments?	Specify if there is a program or process to manage risks and their mitigations. If yes, can you provide more details about the risk management process?	Yes.	
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.1.3 - Risk Assessment - Risk Assessments	Are risk assessments done frequently?	Are risk assessments done frequently? If yes, specify the frequency of risk assessments.	Yes.	Risk assessments are performed at least quarterly.
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.1.4 - Risk Assessment - Third-Party Vendors Risk Assessment	Are risk assessments performed for all third-party vendors?	Specify if risk assessments are performed for all third-party vendors. If yes, how often?	Yes.	No such vendors at this time, but such assessments are required.
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.1.5 - Risk Assessment - Risk Reassessment when Contract Changes	Are risk assessments performed when service delivery or contract changes occur?	Specify if risk assessments will be performed every time a service delivery or contract changes.	Yes.	
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.1.6 - Risk Assessment - Accept Risks (Requires manual attestation)	Is there a process for management to knowingly and objectively accept risks and approve action plans?	Specify if there is a process for management to understand and accept risks, and to approve action plans and a time line to fix a risk-related issue. Does the process include providing details of the metrics behind each risk to the management?	Yes.	The risk assessment process is engaged when any material business change is proposed, with detailed benefit and risk metrics documented and evaluated by management before implementation.
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.1.7 - Risk Assessment - Risk Metrics (Requires manual attestation)	Do you have measures in place to define, monitor, and report risk metrics?	Specify if there is a process to define, monitor, and report risk metrics.	Yes.	
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.2.1 - Incident Management - Incident Response Plan	Is there a formal Incident Response Plan?	Specify if there is a formal Incident Response Plan.	Yes.	
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.2.2 - Incident Management - Contact to Report Security Incidents (Requires manual attestation)	Is there a process for customers to report a security incident?	Specify if there is a process for customers to report a security incident. If yes, how can a customer report security incident?	Yes.	Documented disclosure process on public website.
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.2.3 - Incident Management - Report Incidents/Key Activities	Do you report key activities?	Do you report key activities? What is the SLA for reporting key activities?	Yes.	Key Activities are documented and used in the risk assessment process. 
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.2.4 - Incident Management - Incident Recovery	Do you have disaster recovery plans?	Specify if you have plans for recovery after an incident occurs. If yes, can you share details about the recovery plans?	Yes.	The service is designed to be substantially robust so our recovery plan largely details the worst-case (and very unlikely) scenario of needing to do a full rebuild from scratch. Recovery of access to source control should GitHub become unavailable, as well as accounting and banking are also covered.
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.2.5 - Incident Management - Logs Available to Buyers in case of an Attack (Requires manual attestation)	In case of an attack, will relevant resources (such as logs, incident report, or data) be available to customers?	Will relevant resources (such as logs, incident report, or data) related to their use be available to customers in case an attack or incident occurs?	Yes.	Within the scope of their use and not to the detriment of other customers.
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.2.6 - Incident Management - Security Bulletin (Requires manual attestation)	Do you have a security bulletin that outlines latest attacks and vulnerabilities affecting your applications?	Specify if you have a security bulletin that outlines latest attacks and vulnerabilities affecting your applications. If yes, can you provide the details?	No.	
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.3.1 - Incident Detection - Comprehensive Logging	Is there comprehensive logging to support the identification and mitigation of incidents?	Specify if there is comprehensive logging enabled. Identify the types of events that the system is capable of logging. How long are logs retained?	Yes.	
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.3.2 - Incident Detection - Log Monitoring	Do you monitor and alert on unusual or suspicious activities using detection mechanisms such as log monitoring?	Specify if regular security monitoring and alerting is performed. If yes, does it include log monitoring for unusual or suspicious behavior?	Yes.	We have limited log monitoring in place and are working to expand it to detect a wider range of potentially anomolous behavior indicated in logs.
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.3.3 - Incident Detection - Third Party Data Breach	Is there a process to identify and detect and log subcontractor security, privacy, or data breach issues?	Specify if there is a process in place to identify and detect third-party vendors or subcontractors for data breach, security issues, or privacy issues.	Yes.	No current subcontractors.  AWS notification systems.
Risk Management/Incident Response 5.4.1 - SLA for Incident Notification (Requires manual attestation)	What is the SLA for sending notification about incidents or breaches?	What is the SLA for sending notification about incidents or breaches?	Within 48 hours after the vulnerability is resolved.	We don't notify customers or the public until ongoing risk of exploitation has been remeadiated, unless remediation requires customer engagement.
Security and Configuration Policy 10.1.1 - Policies for Information Security - Information Security Policy	Do you have an information security policy that is owned and maintained by a security team?	Specify if you have an information security policy. If yes, share or upload a manual evidence.	Yes.	
Security and Configuration Policy 10.1.2 - Policies for Information Security - Policy Review	Are all security policies reviewed annually?	Specify if security policies are reviewed annually. If no, how often are the policies reviewed?	Yes.	Annually.
Security and Configuration Policy 10.2.1 - Policies for Security Configurations - Security Configurations (Requires manual attestation)	Are security configuration standards maintained and documented?	Specify if all security configuration standards are maintained and documented. If yes, share or upload a manual evidence.	Yes.	All infrastructure and system configurations are maintained as Infrastructure as Code in CloudFormation templates under version control,
Security and Configuration Policy 10.2.2 - Policies for Security Configurations - Security Configurations Review (Requires manual attestation)	Are security configurations reviewed at least annually?	Specify if security configurations are reviewed at least annually. If no, specify the frequency of review.	Yes.	Security configurations are automatically evaluated when changes are made via AWS Config and Security Hub.  Manual security inspections and reviews are performed at least quarterly.
Security and Configuration Policy 10.2.3 - Policies for Security Configurations - Changes to Configurations	Are changes to configurations logged?	Specify if configuration changes are logged. If yes, how long are the logs retained?	Yes.	Logs of internal service configuration changes and customer configuration changes are retained for three years.  Version control records of IaC are maintained indefinately.
